<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# powergene: A generalizable simulation-based power analysis R package for semi-field vector control trials

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The powergene R package simulates mosquito count data under short- and
long-term semi-field experimental design scenarios, evaluating single or
combined interventions. It incorporates fixed treatment effects, random
chamber-level or sampling time-level variability to support robust power
analysis for short- or long-term semi-field experimental planning.

This package is an extension of a simulation based power analysis
framework developed by [Kipingu et. al
2025](https://doi.org/10.1186/s12936-025-05454-y). Therefore, all
parameter values for the examples below are taken directly from the same
study. Visit [Kipingu et
al. 2025](https://doi.org/10.1186/s12936-025-05454-y) or [Johnson et
al. 2014](https://doi.org/10.1111/2041-210X.12306) for more information
and description regarding simulation-based power analysis.

## Installation of powergene package

You can install the development version of powergene package directly
from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

    # # First, install.packages("devtools") if not already installed in your RStudio.

    # -------------------------------
    # Setup: install or load required packages
    # -------------------------------

    # List all CRAN packages your Rmd needs
    required_cran <- c("rmarkdown", "knitr", "ggplot2", "dplyr", "tidyr", "remotes", "devtools")

    # Install any missing CRAN packages
    for (pkg in required_cran) {
      if (!requireNamespace(pkg, quietly = TRUE)) {
            suppressMessages(suppressWarnings(
        install.packages(pkg, repos = "https://cloud.r-project.org")
      ))
      }
    }

    # Load CRAN packages
    lapply(required_cran, library, character.only = TRUE)

    # Install 'powergene' from GitHub if not already installed
    if (!requireNamespace("powergene", quietly = TRUE)) {
      devtools::install_github("akipingu/powergene")
    }

    # Load 'powergene' package
    library(powergene)

If you use **powergene** in your research or publications, please cite
it appropriately

    #cite this package
    citation("powergene")
    #> To cite powergene in publications use:
    #> 
    #>   Kipingu, A.M., Viana, M., Johnson, P.C.D., Kiware, S.S. (2025).
    #>   "powergene: A generalizable simulation-based power analysis R package
    #>   for semi-field vector control trials." R package available at GitHub.
    #>   <https://github.com/akipingu/powergene>.
    #> 
    #> A BibTeX entry for LaTeX users is
    #> 
    #>   @Misc{,
    #>     author = {{Kipingu, A.M.} and {Viana, M.} and {Johnson, P.C.D.} and {Kiware, S.S.}},
    #>     title = {powergene: A generalizable simulation-based power analysis R package for semi-field vector control trials},
    #>     year = {2025},
    #>     howpublished = {R package available at GitHub},
    #>     url = {https://github.com/akipingu/powergene},
    #>   }

## Example I: Estimating power of a short-term SFE testing single intervention

This is a basic example which shows you how to apply the powergene
package to estimate power of a short-term SFE

I. Simulate a table of scenarios based on number of chamber per
treatment provided, e.g., n.ch.per.trt=4. After specifying number of
chamber per each treatment (control vs. intervention), the function
sim.scen.shortsfe.sinint will output three columns including number of
chambers per each treatment (replicates), treatment status as intvn (0
for control and 1 for intervention) and id for each individual
chamber/replicate.

    scen.table <- sim.scen.shortsfe.sinint(n.ch.per.trt = 4)

    #print a scenario table
    scen.table
    #>   replicates intvn chamber
    #> 1          1     0     0-1
    #> 2          2     0     0-2
    #> 3          3     0     0-3
    #> 4          4     0     0-4
    #> 5          1     1     1-1
    #> 6          2     1     1-2
    #> 7          3     1     1-3
    #> 8          4     1     1-4

1.  Simulate mosquitoes counts/abundance by specifying the number of
    chambers per treatment, e.g., n.ch.per.trt = 4, expected mosquitoes
    to be recaptured from a control chamber, e.g., lambda=50,
    intervention effect, e.g., intvn.effect = 0.8 for 80% effect, and
    chamber-level variance, e.g., chamber.var = 0.1807. The resultant
    number of mosquitoes will be either with random effect included or
    without including the random effect. Below, columns 4, 5 and 6
    because they are optional but you can print them if you want.
    Remember our main target is the mosquito abundance that account for
    chamber random effect. The use.random has four options to output
    mosquito count column either with the use of random effect (TRUE),
    fixed effect only (FALSE), only fixed effect from exponential
    function rather than from a known statistical distribution (NULL) or
    all mosquito count columns (“ALL”). Below I set use.random = “ALL”
    as an example.

<!-- -->

    sim.mosquitoes <- sim.mosq.shortsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = "ALL"
    )
    #output mosquito counts per each chamber per each treatment
    sim.mosquitoes <- sim.mosquitoes[, c(-4,-5,-6)]
    sim.mosquitoes
    #>   replicates intvn chamber mosquito.count.fixed mosquito.count.random
    #> 1          1     0     0-1                   52                    63
    #> 2          2     0     0-2                   43                    34
    #> 3          3     0     0-3                   44                    70
    #> 4          4     0     0-4                   60                    34
    #> 5          1     1     1-1                    5                     3
    #> 6          2     1     1-2                    6                    35
    #> 7          3     1     1-3                   10                    17
    #> 8          4     1     1-4                   11                    12

1.  Plot the simulated mosquitoes. This function plots a box plot with
    an option to jitter points if jitter=TURE and without jittering if
    jitter=FALSE. The use.random option is also used in this function
    with only TRUE, FALSE or NULL as explained in (2) above

<!-- -->

    sim.plot.shortsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = TRUE,
      jitter = TRUE
    )

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-5-1.png" width="100%" />

1.  Estimate p-value using sim.pval.shortsfe.sinint function by
    specifying the number of chambers per treatment, e.g., n.ch.per.trt
    = 4, expected mosquitoes to be recaptured from a control chamber,
    e.g., lambda=50, intervention effect, e.g., intvn.effect = 0.8 for
    80% effect, and chamber-level variance, e.g., chamber.var = 0.1807.
    The p-value estimation is based on mosquito abundance that accounted
    for random chamber effect. The use.random option is also used in
    this function with only TRUE or FALSE as explained in (ii) above

<!-- -->

    pvalue <- sim.pval.shortsfe.sinint(
        n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = TRUE
    )

    #output the p-values
    pvalue
    #>       pvalue 
    #> 1.393291e-14

V. Since power cannot be estimated from a single simulation, there is a
need to simulate multiple data sets and estimate power. Now you can
estimate power by specifying the number of chambers per treatment, e.g.,
n.ch.per.trt = 4, expected mosquitoes to be recaptured from a control
chamber, e.g., lambda=50, intervention effect, e.g., intvn.effect = 0.8
for 80% effect, chamber-level variance, e.g., chamber.var = 0.1807, and
the total simulations, e.g., nsim=100. A 100 simulations are just for
illustration purpose, but it is recommended to run at least 1000
simulations if you are estimating power for a real experiment. The power
estimation is based on mosquito abundance that accounted for random
chamber effect. The use.random option is also used in this function with
only TRUE or FALSE as explained in (ii) above.

    power.estimate <- sim.power.shortsfe.sinint(n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807, 
      nsim = 100,
      use.random = TRUE
      )
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%

    #print estimated power
    round(power.estimate,2)
    #>    power ci.lower ci.upper 
    #>     0.99     0.95     1.00

1.  Now you use the function to estimate power for varied number of
    chambers per treatment, e.g., 2,4,6,8. You can repeat this stage for
    all the power estimation functions in the package. Note that, this
    step is not necessary but we are showing it here to demonstrate the
    robustness of the package.

<!-- -->

    # Define treatment sizes
    n.ch.values <- c(2, 4, 6, 8)

    # Initialize storage
    power.df <- data.frame(
      n.ch.per.trt = n.ch.values,
      power = NA,
      ci.lower = NA,
      ci.upper = NA
    )

    # Run simulations and extract power + confidence intervals
    for (i in seq_along(n.ch.values)) {
      n <- n.ch.values[i]
      
      result <- sim.power.shortsfe.sinint(
        n.ch.per.trt = n,
        lambda = 50,
        intvn.effect = 0.8,
        chamber.var = 0.1807,
        nsim = 100,
        use.random = TRUE
      )
      
      # Store results
      power.df$power[i] <- result["power"]
      power.df$ci.lower[i] <- result["ci.lower"]
      power.df$ci.upper[i] <- result["ci.upper"]
    }
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%

    #print the power results for each number of chambers per treatment
    round(power.df,2)
    #>   n.ch.per.trt power ci.lower ci.upper
    #> 1            2  0.94     0.87     0.98
    #> 2            4  1.00     0.96     1.00
    #> 3            6  1.00     0.96     1.00
    #> 4            8  1.00     0.96     1.00

1.  Plot the resulting power vs. number of chambers per treatment

<!-- -->

    # install.packages("ggplot2") if not yet installed
    library(ggplot2)

    ggplot(power.df, aes(x = n.ch.per.trt, y = power)) +
      geom_point(color = "black", size = 2) +
      geom_line(color = "black", linewidth = 0.4) +
      geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = ci.lower, ymax = ci.upper),
                    width = 0.4, color = "black", linewidth = 0.4) +
      labs(
        x = "Number of chambers per treatment",
        y = "Estimated power",
        title = "Power vs. number of chambers per treatment with 95% CI"
      ) +
      scale_y_continuous(labels = scales::percent, limit=c(0,1), breaks=seq(0,1,0.2)) +
      geom_hline(yintercept=0.8, lty="twodash") +
      geom_hline(yintercept=0.05, lty="longdash") +  
      theme_bw()

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-9-1.png" width="100%" />

1.  Now you can use the function to estimate power for varied number of
    chambers per treatment, e.g., 2,4,6,8 and varied effect size of an
    intervention. You can repeat this stage for all the power estimation
    functions in the package. Note that, this step is not necessary but
    we are showing it here to demonstrate the robustness of the package.

<!-- -->

    # Define parameter grids
    n.ch.values <- c(2, 4, 6, 8)
    effect.sizes <- c(0, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6, 0.8)

    # Initialize results storage
    results <- expand.grid(
      n.ch.per.trt = n.ch.values,
      intvn.effect = effect.sizes
    )
    results$power <- NA
    results$ci.lower <- NA
    results$ci.upper <- NA

    # Loop over combinations
    for (i in seq_len(nrow(results))) {
      row <- results[i, ]
      
      sim <- sim.power.shortsfe.sinint(
        n.ch.per.trt = row$n.ch.per.trt,
        lambda = 50,
        intvn.effect = row$intvn.effect,
        chamber.var = 0.1807,
        nsim = 100,
        TRUE
      )
      
      results$power[i] <- sim["power"]
      results$ci.lower[i] <- sim["ci.lower"]
      results$ci.upper[i] <- sim["ci.upper"]
    }
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
    # print power estimates
    results
    #>    n.ch.per.trt intvn.effect power   ci.lower  ci.upper
    #> 1             2          0.0  0.23 0.15173161 0.3248587
    #> 2             4          0.0  0.19 0.11844320 0.2806980
    #> 3             6          0.0  0.08 0.03517156 0.1515576
    #> 4             8          0.0  0.09 0.04198360 0.1639823
    #> 5             2          0.4  0.44 0.34083602 0.5428125
    #> 6             4          0.4  0.51 0.40803633 0.6113558
    #> 7             6          0.4  0.65 0.54815064 0.7427062
    #> 8             8          0.4  0.65 0.54815064 0.7427062
    #> 9             2          0.5  0.57 0.46713374 0.6686090
    #> 10            4          0.5  0.75 0.65344750 0.8312203
    #> 11            6          0.5  0.80 0.70815731 0.8733444
    #> 12            8          0.5  0.89 0.81169887 0.9437930
    #> 13            2          0.6  0.67 0.56882725 0.7608015
    #> 14            4          0.6  0.87 0.78795932 0.9289270
    #> 15            6          0.6  0.94 0.87397007 0.9776651
    #> 16            8          0.6  0.96 0.90074284 0.9889955
    #> 17            2          0.8  0.90 0.82377740 0.9509953
    #> 18            4          0.8  0.99 0.94554061 0.9997469
    #> 19            6          0.8  1.00 0.96378331 1.0000000
    #> 20            8          0.8  1.00 0.96378331 1.0000000

1.  Now plot the resulting power estimates vs. number of chambers per
    treatment or effect sizes.

<!-- -->

    # install.packages("ggplot2") if not yet installed
    library(ggplot2)
    results$intvn.effect <- factor(results$intvn.effect, levels = sort(unique(results$intvn.effect), decreasing = TRUE))
    ggplot(results, aes(x = n.ch.per.trt, y = power, color = factor(intvn.effect), group = intvn.effect)) +
      geom_point(size = 2) +
      geom_line(linewidth = 0.8) +
      geom_errorbar(aes(ymin = ci.lower, ymax = ci.upper),
                    width = 0.3, linewidth = 0.6) +
      geom_hline(yintercept = 0.8, linetype = "twodash", color = "gray50") +
      geom_hline(yintercept = 0.05, linetype = "longdash", color = "gray50") +
      scale_y_continuous(labels = scales::percent, limits = c(0, 1), breaks = seq(0, 1, 0.2)) +
      scale_color_brewer(palette = "Dark2", name = "Effect size \n(% reduction)",
                           labels = function(x) as.character(as.numeric(x) * 100)) +
      labs(
        x = "Number of chambers per treatment",
        y = "Estimated power",
        title = "Power vs. number of chamber per treatment by intervention effect Size"
      ) +
      theme_bw()

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-11-1.png" width="100%" />

## Example II: Estimating power of a short-term SFE testing combined interventions

Since we have demonstrated all steps for power estimation in Example I,
in this example we will demonstrate only few steps. Note that, to
estimate power you only need one function called
“sim.power.shortsfe.comint()”. However, for learning purpose we
demonstrate how other functions work as shown below.

Notes: In this case study, we considered number of chambers per
treatment (“n.ch.per.trt”), which can be 4; number of recaptured
mosquitoes (“lambda”), which can be 50; effect of intervention 1 alone
“intvn1.effect”, which is 0.7; effect of intervention 2 alone
“intvn2.effect”, which is 0.8; interaction effect between intvn1 and
intvn2 (“ixn.effect”), which can be 0.5; inter-chamber variance
(“chamber.var”), which can be 0.1807; and total number of simulations
(“nsim”), which is 100 for demonstration, but we suggest at least 1000
simulation.

Notes: Some functions has options where you can simulate or plot
mosquitoes and estimate p-values or power while utilizing the
“use.random” input. You can simulate or plot mosquitoes and estimate
p-values or power while taking into account random effects using
“use.random = TRUE”, fixed effect only using “use.random = FALSE”,
exponential function using “use.random = NULL”, or all options using
‘use.random = “ALL”’. Note that, “use.random = NULL” and ‘use.random =
“ALL”’ only works for simulating or plotting mosquitoes. This applies
for all functions throughout the package, except those simulating
scenario tables.

I. Simulate scenario table for SFE testing combined interventions. For
more information on each input below, type “?sim.scen.shortsfe.comint”
in RStudio

    scen.table <- sim.scen.shortsfe.comint(n.ch.per.trt = 4)
    #print a scenario table
    #scen.table

1.  Simulate mosquitoes counts/abundance for SFE testing combined
    interventions. For more information on each input below, type
    “?sim.mosq.shortsfe.comint” in RStudio.

<!-- -->

    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for  fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes from exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes for all options above using 'use.random = "ALL"'.
    sim.mosq.shortsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.5,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = "ALL"
    )
    #>    replicates intvn1 intvn2 ixn chamber lin.pred.fixed lin.pred.random
    #> 1           1      0      0   0   0-0-1      3.9120230      3.88376829
    #> 2           2      0      0   0   0-0-2      3.9120230      3.94136106
    #> 3           3      0      0   0   0-0-3      3.9120230      3.66891535
    #> 4           4      0      0   0   0-0-4      3.9120230      3.71911071
    #> 5           1      1      0   0   1-0-1      2.7080502      2.40961139
    #> 6           2      1      0   0   1-0-2      2.7080502      2.75283428
    #> 7           3      1      0   0   1-0-3      2.7080502      2.42020558
    #> 8           4      1      0   0   1-0-4      2.7080502      2.21097865
    #> 9           1      0      1   0   0-1-1      2.3025851      2.49979971
    #> 10          2      0      1   0   0-1-2      2.3025851      2.73955950
    #> 11          3      0      1   0   0-1-3      2.3025851      2.56012799
    #> 12          4      0      1   0   0-1-4      2.3025851      1.92335562
    #> 13          1      1      1   1   1-1-1      0.4054651      0.75561352
    #> 14          2      1      1   1   1-1-2      0.4054651     -0.46753639
    #> 15          3      1      1   1   1-1-3      0.4054651      0.54613864
    #> 16          4      1      1   1   1-1-4      0.4054651     -0.08845583
    #>    mosquito.count.fixed.exp mosquito.count.fixed mosquito.count.random
    #> 1                      50.0                   46                    48
    #> 2                      50.0                   49                    56
    #> 3                      50.0                   44                    46
    #> 4                      50.0                   45                    33
    #> 5                      15.0                   12                    14
    #> 6                      15.0                   14                    16
    #> 7                      15.0                   11                    14
    #> 8                      15.0                   19                    10
    #> 9                      10.0                   12                    10
    #> 10                     10.0                   11                    18
    #> 11                     10.0                    6                    10
    #> 12                     10.0                    8                     7
    #> 13                      1.5                    1                     0
    #> 14                      1.5                    1                     0
    #> 15                      1.5                    4                     4
    #> 16                      1.5                    1                     1

1.  Plot mosquitoes counts/abundance for SFE testing combined
    interventions. For more information on each input below, type
    “?sim.plot.shortsfe.comint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # Plot mosquitoes with random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # You can also plot with fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    # You can also plot mosquito exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    plot_mosquitoes <- sim.plot.shortsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.5,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = TRUE,
      jitter = TRUE
    )

1.  Estimate p-values from mosquitoes counts/abundance data for SFE
    testing combined interventions. For more information on each input
    below, type “?sim.pval.shortsfe.comint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    pvalue_est <- sim.pval.shortsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.5,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      use.random = TRUE
    )

V. Estimate power for SFE testing combined interventions. For more
information on each input below, type “?sim.power.shortsfe.comint” in
RStudio. If you computer has multiple cores, you can specify what amount
of core you want to utilise using “n.cores”; if not, just use “n.cores =
1” as default. You may even decide to remove n.cores if you don’t want
to use it.

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    power_est <- sim.power.shortsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      lambda = 50,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.5,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      nsim = 100,
      n.cores = 1,
      use.random = TRUE
    )
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%

## Example III: Estimating power of a long-term SFE testing single intervention

Again, since we have demonstrated all steps for power estimation in
Example I, in this example we will demonstrate only few steps. Note
that, to estimate power for long-term SFE testing single intervention,
you only need to apply one function called “sim.power.longsfe.sinint()”.
However, for learning purpose we demonstrate how other functions work as
shown below.

Notes: In this case, we consider number of chambers per treatment
(“n.ch.per.trt”), e.g., 4; length of experiment (“exp.length”), which
specify the length of experiment in days, e.g., a 3 months experiments
has a length of 90 days; frequency of sampling (“sampl.freq”), which
means how often will you be sampling adult mosquitoes, e.g., “weekly”
sampling for a 3 months experiment means you sample adult mosquitoes
only 12 times.; number of mosquitoes to be sampled (“lambda”), e.g., 10;
intervention effect over time (“intvn.effect”), e.g., 0.8; inter-chamber
variance (“chamber.var”), e.g., 0.1807; time variance (“time.var), e.g.,
0.2266; dispersion parameter (“theta”), e.g., 10; and total number of
simulations (“nsim”), e.g., 100 for demonstration, but we suggest using
at least 1000 simulations.

I. Simulate scenario table for a long-term SFE testing single
intervention. For more information on each input below, type
“?sim.scen.longsfe.sinint” in RStudio.

    scen.table <- sim.scen.longsfe.sinint(
    n.ch.per.trt = 4,
    exp.length = 90,
    sampl.freq = "weekly"
    )
    #print a scenario table
    #scen.table

1.  Simulate mosquitoes counts/abundance for a long-term SFE testing
    single intervention. For more information on each input below, type
    “?sim.mosq.longsfe.sinint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for  fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes from exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes for all options above using 'use.random = "ALL"'.
    sim_mosq <- sim.mosq.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = "ALL"
    )

1.  Plot mosquitoes counts/abundance for long-term SFE testing single
    intervention. For more information on each input below, type
    “?sim.plot.longsfe.sinint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # You can plot mosquitoes with random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    plot_mosq1 <- sim.plot.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = TRUE
    )
    plot_mosq1

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-19-1.png" width="100%" />


    # You can also plot with fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    plot_mosq2 <- sim.plot.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = FALSE
    )
    plot_mosq2

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-19-2.png" width="100%" />


    # You can also plot mosquito from exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    plot_mosq3 <- sim.plot.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = NULL
    )
    plot_mosq3

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-19-3.png" width="100%" />

1.  Estimate p-values from mosquitoes counts/abundance data for
    long-term SFE testing single intervention. For more information on
    each input below, type “?sim.pval.longsfe.sinint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    pvalue_est <- sim.pval.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = TRUE
    )

V. Estimate power for long-term SFE testing single intervention. For
more information on each input below, type “?sim.power.longsfe.sinint”
in RStudio. If you computer has multiple cores, you can specify what
amount of core you want to utilise using “n.cores”; if not, just use
“n.cores = 1” as default. You may even decide to remove n.cores if you
don’t want to use it.

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    power_est <- sim.power.longsfe.sinint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      nsim = 100,
      n.cores = 1,
      use.random = TRUE
    )
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%

## Example IV: Estimating power of a long-term SFE testing combined interventions

Again, since we have demonstrated all steps for power estimation in
Example I, in this example we will demonstrate only few steps. Note
that, to estimate power for long-term SFE testing combined
interventions, you only need to apply one function called
“sim.power.longsfe.comint()”. However, for learning purpose we
demonstrate how other functions work as shown below.

Notes: In this case, we consider intervention 1 effect over time
(“intvn1.effect”), e.g., 0.7; intervention 2 effect over time
(“intvn2.effect”), e.g., 0.8; interaction between intervention 1 and 2
(“ixn.effect”), e.g., 0.5; inter-chamber variance (“chamber.var”), e.g.,
0.1807; time variance (“time.var), e.g., 0.2266; dispersion parameter
(“theta”), e.g., 10; and total number of simulations (“nsim”), e.g., 100
for demonstration, but we suggest using at least 1000 simulations.

I. Simulate scenario table for a long-term SFE testing combined
interventions. For more information on each input below, type
“?sim.scen.longsfe.comint” in RStudio.

    scen.table <- sim.scen.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly"
    )
    #print a scenario table
    #scen.table

1.  Simulate mosquitoes counts/abundance for a long-term SFE testing
    combined interventions. For more information on each input below,
    type “?sim.mosq.longsfe.comint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes accounting for  fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes from exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    # You can simulate mosquitoes for all options above using 'use.random = "ALL"'.
    sim_mosq <- sim.mosq.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = "ALL"
    )

1.  Plot mosquitoes counts/abundance for long-term SFE testing combined
    interventions. For more information on each input below, type
    “?sim.plot.longsfe.comint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # Plot mosquitoes with random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    plot_mosq1 <- sim.plot.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = TRUE
    )
    plot_mosq1

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-24-1.png" width="100%" />

    # You can also plot with fixed effect using "use.random = FALSE".
    plot_mosq2 <- sim.plot.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = FALSE
    )
    plot_mosq2

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-24-2.png" width="100%" />

    # You can also plot mosquito from exponential function using "use.random = NULL".
    plot_mosq3 <- sim.plot.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = NULL
    )
    plot_mosq3

<img src="man/figures/README-unnamed-chunk-24-3.png" width="100%" />

1.  Estimate p-values from mosquitoes counts/abundance data for
    long-term SFE testing combined interventions. For more information
    on each input below, type “?sim.pval.longsfe.comint” in RStudio

<!-- -->

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    pvalue_est <- sim.pval.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      use.random = TRUE
    )

V. Estimate power for long-term SFE testing combined interventions. For
more information on each input below, type “?sim.power.longsfe.comint”
in RStudio. If you computer has multiple cores, you can specify what
amount of core you want to utilize using “n.cores”; if not, just use
“n.cores = 1” as default. You may even decide to remove n.cores if you
don’t want to use it.

    # Estimate p-value, account for random effects using "use.random = TRUE".
    # Estimate p-value, account for fixed effect only using "use.random = FALSE".
    power_est <- sim.power.longsfe.comint(
      n.ch.per.trt = 4,
      exp.length = 90,
      sampl.freq = "weekly",
      lambda = 10,
      intvn1.effect = 0.7,
      intvn2.effect = 0.8,
      ixn.effect = 0.8,
      chamber.var = 0.1807,
      time.var = 0.2266,
      theta = 10,
      nsim = 100,
      n.cores = 1,
      use.random = TRUE
    )
    #>   |                                                                              |                                                                      |   0%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   1%  |                                                                              |=                                                                     |   2%  |                                                                              |==                                                                    |   3%  |                                                                              |===                                                                   |   4%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   5%  |                                                                              |====                                                                  |   6%  |                                                                              |=====                                                                 |   7%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   8%  |                                                                              |======                                                                |   9%  |                                                                              |=======                                                               |  10%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  11%  |                                                                              |========                                                              |  12%  |                                                                              |=========                                                             |  13%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  14%  |                                                                              |==========                                                            |  15%  |                                                                              |===========                                                           |  16%  |                                                                              |============                                                          |  17%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  18%  |                                                                              |=============                                                         |  19%  |                                                                              |==============                                                        |  20%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  21%  |                                                                              |===============                                                       |  22%  |                                                                              |================                                                      |  23%  |                                                                              |=================                                                     |  24%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  25%  |                                                                              |==================                                                    |  26%  |                                                                              |===================                                                   |  27%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  28%  |                                                                              |====================                                                  |  29%  |                                                                              |=====================                                                 |  30%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  31%  |                                                                              |======================                                                |  32%  |                                                                              |=======================                                               |  33%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  34%  |                                                                              |========================                                              |  35%  |                                                                              |=========================                                             |  36%  |                                                                              |==========================                                            |  37%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  38%  |                                                                              |===========================                                           |  39%  |                                                                              |============================                                          |  40%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  41%  |                                                                              |=============================                                         |  42%  |                                                                              |==============================                                        |  43%  |                                                                              |===============================                                       |  44%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  45%  |                                                                              |================================                                      |  46%  |                                                                              |=================================                                     |  47%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  48%  |                                                                              |==================================                                    |  49%  |                                                                              |===================================                                   |  50%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  51%  |                                                                              |====================================                                  |  52%  |                                                                              |=====================================                                 |  53%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  54%  |                                                                              |======================================                                |  55%  |                                                                              |=======================================                               |  56%  |                                                                              |========================================                              |  57%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  58%  |                                                                              |=========================================                             |  59%  |                                                                              |==========================================                            |  60%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  61%  |                                                                              |===========================================                           |  62%  |                                                                              |============================================                          |  63%  |                                                                              |=============================================                         |  64%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  65%  |                                                                              |==============================================                        |  66%  |                                                                              |===============================================                       |  67%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  68%  |                                                                              |================================================                      |  69%  |                                                                              |=================================================                     |  70%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  71%  |                                                                              |==================================================                    |  72%  |                                                                              |===================================================                   |  73%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  74%  |                                                                              |====================================================                  |  75%  |                                                                              |=====================================================                 |  76%  |                                                                              |======================================================                |  77%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  78%  |                                                                              |=======================================================               |  79%  |                                                                              |========================================================              |  80%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  81%  |                                                                              |=========================================================             |  82%  |                                                                              |==========================================================            |  83%  |                                                                              |===========================================================           |  84%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  85%  |                                                                              |============================================================          |  86%  |                                                                              |=============================================================         |  87%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  88%  |                                                                              |==============================================================        |  89%  |                                                                              |===============================================================       |  90%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  91%  |                                                                              |================================================================      |  92%  |                                                                              |=================================================================     |  93%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  94%  |                                                                              |==================================================================    |  95%  |                                                                              |===================================================================   |  96%  |                                                                              |====================================================================  |  97%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  98%  |                                                                              |===================================================================== |  99%  |                                                                              |======================================================================| 100%
